# improved-system-JAVA
 The following is about creating a class Orange and testing it. In every part, correct any syntax errors indicated by NetBeans until no such error messages.  (i) Create a class Orange with the attributes brand and size. The attributes are used to store the brand and the size of the orange (in mm, accurate up to 0.5mm) respectively. Choose suitable types for them.  (ii) Create another class TestOrange with a method main() to test the class Orange. In main(), create a orange object orangeA and print the message "An object orangeA of class Orange has been created". Run the program.  (iii) Add a method setSize() to the Orange class with appropriate parameter(s) and return type to set the size of the orange.  (iv) Add another method getBrand() to the Orange class with appropriate parameter(s) and return type to get the brand of the orange. Copy the content of the method as the answers to this part. You should create other setter/getter methods in your class file but no marks are allocated for them since they are similar to the ones here and in part (iii).  (v) Write a method category() which returns the category of the orange as a string using an if then- else or switch-case statement. The category of the orange is determined by the following table. Category size "Large" not less than 80 "Medium" 60 to less than 80 "Small" less than 60  (vi) In the class TestOrange, add the following before the end of main(): 1. display a dialog box (see the bottom of p.35 of Unit 3 for an example of such a dialog box) which contains the message "Input a value for size (>0)"; 2. assume the input is a number, check if it is less than or equal to zero. If so, display the message "Size must be > 0" in another dialog box (see the second dialog box on p.36 for an example) and go to 1; 3. set the size of orangeA to the input size; 4. make use of the method category(), print the category of orangeA; Run the program and input 60 in step 2.
